feat: initial implementation (#2)
moxystudio/react-modal: README.md

## Installation

```sh
$ npm install @moxy/react-modal
```

This library is written in modern JavaScript and is published in both CommonJS and ES module transpiled variants. If you target older browsers please make sure to transpile accordingly.

## Usage

First, make sure to bind modal to your appElement.

```js
import Modal from '@moxy/react-modal';

Modal.setAppElement('#yourAppElement');
```

Then use the component just like [`react-modal`](https://github.com/reactjs/react-modal).

```js
import React, { useState, useCallback } from 'react';
import Modal from '@moxy/react-modal';

const MyComponent = () => {
    const [isOpen, setOpen] = useState(false);

    const handleModalOpen = useCallback(() => {
        setOpen(true);
    }, []);

    const handleModalClose = useCallback(() => {
        setOpen(false);
    }, []);

    return (
        <>
            <button onClick={ handleModalOpen }>Open</button>
            <Modal isOpen={ isOpen } onRequestClose={ handleModalClose }>Modal content</Modal>
        </>
    );
};

export default MyComponent;
```

## API

### setAppElement

> Wrapper around [`react-modal`](https://github.com/reactjs/react-modal)'s `setAppElement` that not only binds the modal to the app element aswell as saves it to lock the scroll when a modal is open.

Reviewer: Typo: `aswell as` -> `as well as`

Author: Done (also changed the end of that sentence) :+1: thanks!

> Wrapper around [`react-modal`](https://github.com/reactjs/react-modal)'s `setAppElement` that not only binds the modal to the app element aswell as saves it to lock the scroll when a modal is open.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Wrapper around [`react-modal`](https://github.com/reactjs/react-modal)'s `setAppElement` that binds the modal to the app element and saves it to prevent scroll when a modal is open.  
It is also important for [accessibility](http://reactcommunity.org/react-modal/accessibility/#app-element) purposes.
```

Author: Done (also changed the end of that sentence) :+1: thanks!

### Modal

> React component that locks the app element whenever modal is open.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
React component that locks the app element whenever a modal is open.
```

Author: Added :+1: thanks!
